Romp for the Rescues

8/12/2026 4:42 am

GENERAL

I would like a web site that handles an organization that puts on events to help fund a number of charities that deal with animals.  Visitors to the site may either register 
for one of the events, volunteer for the event, donate to out organization, or volunteer for our organization.

WEBSITE 

The theme of the site should be a pink and turquoise one.

The first item on the page is a picture to be used as a header - it includes the name of the organization. 

The next banner on the page is a navigation row with links to Events, Charities, and a link to volunteer in general rather than to a specific event.

Then comes the events that are currently being promoted with options to register or volunteer.

Then comes the charities that are being supported.  
In addition to hosting events, links to affiliated charities are on the page to encourage donations directly to the charities.

Then comes a form to fill out and a button to volunteer for Romp for the Rescues

Make a standard page footer for now.

TECHNICALS

reference "rompfortherescues.pages.dev" to determine if changes need to be made.  Don't report if files would be the same, but do report 
all content for files that need changes.

I have a domain named "RompfortheRescues.org" with Cloudflare.  Use Cloudfare exclusively for hosting this project.

My local github repo is at "C:\Users\roger\OneDrive\Documents\RebeccasWebsite\rompfortherescues".  It was cloned from the dev branch of the rompfortherescues main repo.

code modifications will be handled by visual studio code.  commits will be handled by github desktop.  deployments are automatically generated by Cloudflare.

the picture located at "rompfortherescues.pages.dev/public/images/banners.png" should maintain its aspect ratio when displayed as the first banner.

Payments will be handled by Stripe.  Successful payments should send an email to the payer and also to "rompfortherescues.gmail.com" which is the main email for the
business defined in the stripe account.  Show me what information is possible to include in the stripe originated emails.

It is my understanding that stripe will not allow you to turn on emails until the company has been verified, which includes visiting the company web site, which is 
what I'm constructing.  This appears to be a roadblock to initiating the site and may require that it be turned on without testing.

There is file - data.xml - that defines all the charities, events and other information.  The page should read it to get its data.

Events have one or more <Location>s that are shown in a bulleted list titled "Where".

Events also have items that are <Included> when you register.  These should be listed separately for each event if it has them.

Events also have a list of <Duty>s that are presented to volunteers to select their choice of what they are volunteering for.

Each of the events raises funds to support one or more charities.  Each Event will have a default "registration" button and a "volunteer" 
button.  The "register" button links to stripe to accept the payment.  Once payment is accepted we (not stripe) will send them an email to bring to the event to use
as a ticket.  
The email has a subject of "Registration" as well as event data in the body. No information is stored.  

Volunteers may "volunteer" to sign up for any event or for no specific events and for general or specific duties.  When volunteering for a specific event, the form should pick 
the duty preference from the list of <Duty> elements in the event.  If volunteering in general, the duty preference should be picked from the list of <Duties>.

 There is no fee to volunteer, but an email receipt should be sent to the volunteer with a subject of "volunteer". 
 
 Registration for volunteers should optionally collect event, duty preference and contact info, including telephone number (optional) on volunteer to include in the email. 
 Information collected is not stored, but is included in the email.  We will get attendance numbers from the cc's email.

The form for general volunteering (no specific event) and the form for specific volunteering (clicking "volunteer" button on an event) will
be the same form except the information on the specific event will be missing from the general volunteering and the phone number will not
be optional on the general volunteering.

Emails will be sent using an existing Resend account.  "rompfortherescues.org" is already a verified domain in my resend account.
All emails that resend sends will have a "from" address of "donotreply@RompfortheRescues.org" with a cc to "rompfortherescues@gmail.com

Each of the Charities can receive donations, or donations can be made for administration.
Donations for specific charities will be accomplished by linking to their appropriate web pages for donations (see data.XML file <PayLink>.
Donations use the Payment Methods.

Keep the javascript, style sheets, and index.html file in separate files in a "public" directory.  
Environment variables for testing are in dev.vars file.  

For cloudflare, environment variables to be used in the preview are in the file dev.vars .  Assume that any environment variable will be in 
either the wrangler.toml file or in cloudflare.

Include all instructions to establish the webhook in stripe to process successful payments so we can send them an email.

the data.xml file can be seen at "rompfortherescues.pages.dev/public/data.xml 
The .dev.vars fields can be seen at "rompfortherescues.pages.dev/public/dev.vars"

create a .bat file with all the powershell commands needed to test locally.